(DOCSP-11736): Service Limitations - 25 MB max file upload (#411)
mongodb/docs-realm: source/mongodb/service-limitations.txt

   - Avoid data models that require you to Watch or Sync an unbounded
     number of collections.

Static Hosting
--------------

> {+service-short+} enforces a 25-megabyte maximum file size constraint on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{+service-short+} enforces a 25MB maximum file size constraint on
```
